Create a variable called name, and give it your name as a value (text)
Create a variable called age, and give it your age as a value (number)
Create a variable called shoe_size, and give it your shoe size as a value
Create a variable called info. Its value should be an interesting sentence about yourself, including your name, age, and shoe size. Use the variables you created earlier.
	Write code so that when your script is run, all the above data is displayed in a message


Write a little program that asks a user for his height (in inches) and determines whether people are tall enough to ride a roller coaster or not.
(Minimum height is 35 inches)


Write a little program that asks the user for a number and determines whether this number is odd or even.


Given a list, use a while loop to print out every elements from the end to the beginning.


Get a string from the user. The user must provide a string that is 10 characters long.
Inform the user what the first and last characters of the string are
‘Build’ the string up: print the first character, then the first 2, then the first 3, etc., until you print
the entire string.
Swap some of the characters around, then print out this jumbled-up string to the user. Be sure to label it appropriately.


Write a loop that prompts the user to enter a series of pizza toppings until they enter a ‘quit’ value . As they enter each topping, print a message saying you’ll add that topping to their pizza .


A movie theater charges different ticket prices depending on a person’s age . If a person is under the age of 3, the ticket is free; if they are between 3 and 12, the ticket is $10; and if they are over age 12, the ticket is $15 .
Write a loop in which you ask users their age, and then tell them the cost of their movie ticket .


Your code will print out the bill for a customer, with the help of the waiter/waitress.
It will first ask some questions, and then print out the bill.
Store the answers to the questions in variables, so that they can be used later on in your code.
Ask the user (waiter) for each of these pieces of information, assuming that the customer ordered only one item (but multiple orders of the same item are allowed):
a. The customer’s name (this is a friendly bar!)
b. The name of the waiter/waitress
c. The name of the item (eg. ‘beer’)
d. The price of the item
e. The amount of items that were ordered (eg. 3, when the customer had 3 beers)
f. The discount amount (user should input zero if there was no discount)
Now calculate the total to charge the customer
Bonus: add VAT to the total
Print out a nicely formatted bill for the user, on multiple lines. Add some lines of stars or hyphens to create the effect of a ‘border’ or ‘line’, to make it look more professional.
